# decaff-compiler-krishnadwypayan

## Code Structure
The entire code is inside src folder.
Header files have been added in the src/Headers folder.
The corresponding cpp files are inside the src folder.

- src/lexer.l is the scanner file that scans all the decaf source code and geenrates tokens.
- src/parser.ypp is the flex parser that will handle all the tokens generated by the scanner.
- src/Headers/astNode.h defines the class structure for the AST representation of the decaf source program.
- src/Headers/program.h defines the class that creates objects for the main fieldDeclarations class and methodDeclarations class defined under the terminal Program.
- src/Headers/fieldDeclarations.h defines the classes that handle the field declarations of the Program. It also includes the variables defined in the field declarations section.
- src/Headers/methodDeclarations.h defines the classes that handle the all method declarations and method arguments of the decaf program.
- src/Headers/block.h handles the variable declarations inside a block, along with the definitions of a block, statements and expressions.
- src/Headers/statements.h handles the various types of statements.
- src/Headers/llvm_context.h defines the basic structures to be used for the LLVM IR code generation part.
-src/.*cpp files are the corresponding cpp files for each of the header files that define the methods of each of the classes declared in their respective header files.

## Run

```
cd src
make
```

After the successful compilation, run the files as :
```
./parser ../test/<filename>.dcf
```

## Further implementation
The current code completely parses the test decaf programs. 
Code generation part is yet to be completed.


